README.md, before:

# LocalizR!

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29259526/38883114-eb07d3ea-4263-11e8-9acc-ab4794077306.png)

Welcome to the repo for our final project at Makers Academy! Our application is an interactive game that takes the user on a language-learning journey.

__DESIGNED BY__:
- Joshua Holloway
- Hannah Lillis
- Kaari Strack
- Magyar-Hunor Tamas
- Jenny Arenas Marin

<hr>

## Tech Stack

<img src="https://image.ibb.co/czRdzx/la_reactnpm.png" width="100" alight="left"/>

__Front End__:
- React
- CSS (styled components)

__Back End__:
- Node.js
- Express.js
- Mongodb
- Mongoose

__TDD__:
- Jest
- Enzyme
- Cypress

<hr>

## Set-up & Installation :computer:

Open the Terminal (or iTerm) by pressing ⌘ and spacebar.

<img src="https://image.ibb.co/dXVJXH/la_terminal.png" alt="commandspacebar" width="400" align="right"/>

Click [HERE](https://nodejs.org/en/) to download and install node.js if you do not have it.

Verify your installation by typing:
```
$ node -v
```
Clone this repo onto your computer:
```
$ git clone *copy & paste https or SSH link here*
```
Install the required dependencies:
```
$ npm install
```
Run the server, and begin!
```
$ npm run start-dev
```
Run test 
$ npm t a

<hr>

## User Stories :video_game:

__Minimum Viable Product__:

As someone who travels often
so I can learn useful phrases 
I want to be able to practice a language.

__Features__:

As a user
so I can decide what to practice
I want to be able to select a language.

As a traveller
so I can learn a language
I want to be able to choose an answer to a question.

As a user
so I can play the game
I want to be able to enter my details.

As a user
so I can keep track of my progress 
I want to be able to see my score.

__Extras__

As a user
so I can play the game
I want to be able to sign up.

As a user
so I can play the game 
I want to able to sign in.

As a user
so I can enjoy my results 
I want to be able to read a comment on how well I did.

As a user
so I can keep my account secure 
I want to be able to sign out.

As a user
so I can play a random scenario
I want to be able to click a button to randomly choose a quiz for me.

<hr>

## Final Thoughts

Our approach to the final project was initially the creation of a Minimum Viable Product(MVP), using User Stories and diagrams as a guide of the product requirements folowing the Agile methodology and implementing good practices like Test Driven Development using testing frameworks like Jest and cyprus. 
Althought we weren't able to finish the project, I learnt the basics of React, node and MongoDB, If given more time, We would have continue implementing TDD in new features added in the project and we would have created a new database to hold all the information of questions and scenarios.
Next time, in the execution of a project, I will keep the good standards of code applying TDD in all the steps of the project.

Commit message:

Add demo video in readme and correct typos

README.md, after:

# LocalizR!

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29259526/38883114-eb07d3ea-4263-11e8-9acc-ab4794077306.png" width="500" ="center">
 </p>

Welcome to the repo for our final project at Makers Academy! Our application is an interactive game that takes the user on a language-learning journey. The user can pick a language presented with multiple questions, each answer will add points and the total score will be display at the end.

You can view the demo [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1W6bZvriSezpICfNLzMZp4kgpO7OQm700/view?usp=sharing)


<hr>

## Tech Stack

<img src="https://image.ibb.co/czRdzx/la_reactnpm.png" width="100" alight="left"/>

__Front End__:
- React
- JSX
- CSS (styled components)

__Back End__:
- Node.js
- Express.js
- Mongodb
- Mongoose

__TDD__:
- Jest
- Enzyme
- Cypress

<hr>

## Set-up & Installation :computer:

Open the Terminal (or iTerm) by pressing ⌘ and spacebar.

<img src="https://image.ibb.co/dXVJXH/la_terminal.png" alt="commandspacebar" width="400" align="right"/>

Click [HERE](https://nodejs.org/en/) to download and install node.js if you do not have it.

Verify your installation by typing:
```
$ node -v
```
Clone this repo onto your computer:
```
$ git clone *copy & paste https or SSH link here*
```
Install the required dependencies:
```
$ npm install
```
Run the server, and begin!
```
$ npm run start-dev
```
Run test 
```
$ npm t a
```

<hr>

## User Stories :video_game:
```
__Minimum Viable Product__:

As someone who travels often
so I can learn useful phrases 
I want to be able to practice a language.

__Features__:

As a user
so I can decide what to practice
I want to be able to select a language.

As a traveller
so I can learn a language
I want to be able to choose an answer to a question.

As a user
so I can play the game
I want to be able to enter my details.

As a user
so I can keep track of my progress 
I want to be able to see my score.

__Extras__

As a user
so I can play the game
I want to be able to sign up.

As a user
so I can play the game 
I want to able to sign in.

As a user
so I can enjoy my results 
I want to be able to read a comment on how well I did.

As a user
so I can keep my account secure 
I want to be able to sign out.

As a user
so I can play a random scenario
I want to be able to click a button to randomly choose a quiz for me.
```
<hr>

## Architecture diagram of our project

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29259526/38885862-34842066-426c-11e8-9a4d-f86866bf2eca.png" width="500" ="center">
 </p>


## Final Thoughts

Our approach to the final project was initially the creation of a Minimum Viable Product(MVP), using User Stories and diagrams as a guide of the product requirements folowing the Agile methodology and implementing good practices like Test Driven Development using testing frameworks like Jest and cyprus. 
Althought we weren't able to finish the project, I learnt the basics of React, node and MongoDB, If given more time, We would have continue implementing TDD in new features added in the project and we would have created a new database to hold all the information of questions and scenarios.
Next time, in the execution of a project, I will keep the good standards of code applying TDD in all the steps of the project.


## Authors

__DESIGNED BY__:
- Joshua Holloway
- Hannah Lillis
- Kaari Strack
- Magyar-Hunor Tamas
- Jenny Arenas Marin
